README.md, before:

<h1> ICS4U-SpeedCubing-Maxim </h1>
<h2> Pyraminx </h2>
  
|Trial #|time|ao5|ao12|ao25|
|-------|----|---|----|----|
|   1   |21.96|n/a|n/a|n/a|
|   2   |1:07.80|n/a|n/a|n/a|
|   3   |29.57|n/a|n/a|n/a|
|   4   |58.39|n/a|n/a|n/a|
|   5   |35.26|41.07|n/a|n/a|
|   6   |37.49|43.71|n/a|n/a|
|   7   |42.43|38.39|n/a|n/a|
|   8   |35.64|38.52|n/a|n/a|
|   9   |30.49|36.13|n/a|n/a|
|   10  |35.93|36.35|n/a|n/a|
|   11  |26.47|34.02|n/a|n/a|
|   12  |33.61|33.25|36.53|n/a|
|   13  |23.36|30.19|36.53|n/a|
|   14  |17.29|27.81|33.03|n/a|
|   15  |33.92|27.81|33.46|n/a|
|   16  |38.00|30.30|33.02|n/a|
|   17  |40.75|31.76|33.57|n/a|
|   18  |28.53|33.48|32.67|n/a|
|   19  |29.69|33.87|31.56|n/a|
|   20  |24.40|32.07|30.44|n/a|
|   21  |39.47|32.56|31.34|n/a|
|   22  |37.06|31.76|31.45|n/a|
|   23  |24.80|30.52|31.28|n/a|
|   24  |34.98|32.28|31.42|n/a|
|   25  |47.96|37.17|33.16|n/a|
  
<h2> Pyraminx duo </h2>

|Trial #|time|ao5|ao12|ao25|
|-------|----|---|----|----|
|   1   |3.24|n/a|n/a|n/a|
|   2   |4.76|n/a|n/a|n/a|
|   3   |10.25|n/a|n/a|n/a|
|   4   |9.41|n/a|n/a|n/a|
|   5   |8.38|7.52|n/a|n/a|
|   6   |3.84|7.52|n/a|n/a|
|   7   |11.25|9.35|n/a|n/a|
|   8   |7.74|8.51|n/a|n/a|
|   9   |7.30|7.81|n/a|n/a|
|   10  |9.71|8.25|n/a|n/a|
|   11  |5.76|8.25|n/a|n/a|
|   12  |3.92|6.93|7.11|n/a|
|   13  |3.36|5.66|7.11|n/a|
|   14  |7.48|5.72|7.38|n/a|
|   15  |10.26|5.72|7.38|n/a|
|   16  |5.77|5.72|7.02|n/a|
|   17  |5.44|6.23|6.72|n/a|
|   18  |6.60|6.62|7.00|n/a|
|   19  |5.96|6.11|6.57|n/a|
|   20  |8.07|6.11|6.60|n/a|
|   21  |5.49|6.02|6.42|n/a|
|   22  |5.12|6.02|5.96|n/a|
|   23  |13.06|6.51|6.41|n/a|
|   24  |5.37|6.31|6.56|n/a|
|   25  |6.52|5.79|6.70|n/a|
  
<h2> Corner twist pyraminx </h2>
  
|Trial #|time|ao5|ao12|ao25|
|-------|----|---|----|----|
|   1   |3.76|n/a|n/a|n/a|
|   2   |3.96|n/a|n/a|n/a|
|   3   |3.04|n/a|n/a|n/a|
|   4   |5.17|n/a|n/a|n/a|
|   5   |2.98|3.59|n/a|n/a|
|   6   |2.98|3.33|n/a|n/a|
|   7   |4.67|3.56|n/a|n/a|
|   8   |3.03|3.56|n/a|n/a|
|   9   |2.58|3.00|n/a|n/a|
|   10  |3.36|3.12|n/a|n/a|
|   11  |3.26|3.22|n/a|n/a|
|   12  |3.08|3.12|3.41|n/a|
|   13  |2.68|3.01|3.30|n/a|
|   14  |3.47|3.23|3.26|n/a|
|   15  |3.73|3.27|3.32|n/a|
|   16  |2.20|3.08|3.12|n/a|
|   17  |3.15|3.10|3.13|n/a|
|   18  |2.99|3.20|3.13|n/a|
|   19  |3.05|3.06|3.07|n/a|
|   20  |5.84|3.06|3.14|n/a|
|   21  |2.87|3.06|3.16|n/a|
|   22  |2.87|2.97|3.13|n/a|
|   23  |3.69|3.20|3.16|n/a|
|   24  |3.20|3.25|3.17|n/a|
|   25  |2.44|2.98|3.15|n/a|

Commit message:

Added method to solve and ao25
Used csTimer to calculate ao25, which gets rid of the best 2 and the worst 2 times. Methods to solve are up to interpretation, as I don't know the method that I used.

README.md, after:

<h1> ICS4U-SpeedCubing-Maxim </h1>

<h1> No looking at cube before solving </h1>

<h2> Pyraminx </h2> <h3> Method to solve: Beginner to Intermediate </h3>
  
|Trial #|time|ao5|ao12|ao25|
|-------|----|---|----|----|
|   1   |21.96|n/a|n/a|n/a|
|   2   |1:07.80|n/a|n/a|n/a|
|   3   |29.57|n/a|n/a|n/a|
|   4   |58.39|n/a|n/a|n/a|
|   5   |35.26|41.07|n/a|n/a|
|   6   |37.49|43.71|n/a|n/a|
|   7   |42.43|38.39|n/a|n/a|
|   8   |35.64|38.52|n/a|n/a|
|   9   |30.49|36.13|n/a|n/a|
|   10  |35.93|36.35|n/a|n/a|
|   11  |26.47|34.02|n/a|n/a|
|   12  |33.61|33.25|36.53|n/a|
|   13  |23.36|30.19|36.53|n/a|
|   14  |17.29|27.81|33.03|n/a|
|   15  |33.92|27.81|33.46|n/a|
|   16  |38.00|30.30|33.02|n/a|
|   17  |40.75|31.76|33.57|n/a|
|   18  |28.53|33.48|32.67|n/a|
|   19  |29.69|33.87|31.56|n/a|
|   20  |24.40|32.07|30.44|n/a|
|   21  |39.47|32.56|31.34|n/a|
|   22  |37.06|31.76|31.45|n/a|
|   23  |24.80|30.52|31.28|n/a|
|   24  |34.98|32.28|31.42|n/a|
|   25  |47.96|37.17|33.16|33.80|

<h2> Pyraminx duo </h2> <h3> Method to solve: Beginner </h3>

|Trial #|time|ao5|ao12|ao25|
|-------|----|---|----|----|
|   1   |3.24|n/a|n/a|n/a|
|   2   |4.76|n/a|n/a|n/a|
|   3   |10.25|n/a|n/a|n/a|
|   4   |9.41|n/a|n/a|n/a|
|   5   |8.38|7.52|n/a|n/a|
|   6   |3.84|7.52|n/a|n/a|
|   7   |11.25|9.35|n/a|n/a|
|   8   |7.74|8.51|n/a|n/a|
|   9   |7.30|7.81|n/a|n/a|
|   10  |9.71|8.25|n/a|n/a|
|   11  |5.76|8.25|n/a|n/a|
|   12  |3.92|6.93|7.11|n/a|
|   13  |3.36|5.66|7.11|n/a|
|   14  |7.48|5.72|7.38|n/a|
|   15  |10.26|5.72|7.38|n/a|
|   16  |5.77|5.72|7.02|n/a|
|   17  |5.44|6.23|6.72|n/a|
|   18  |6.60|6.62|7.00|n/a|
|   19  |5.96|6.11|6.57|n/a|
|   20  |8.07|6.11|6.60|n/a|
|   21  |5.49|6.02|6.42|n/a|
|   22  |5.12|6.02|5.96|n/a|
|   23  |13.06|6.51|6.41|n/a|
|   24  |5.37|6.31|6.56|n/a|
|   25  |6.52|5.79|6.70|6.82|
  
<h2> Corner twist pyraminx </h2> <h3> Method to solve: Beginner </h3>
  
|Trial #|time|ao5|ao12|ao25|
|-------|----|---|----|----|
|   1   |3.76|n/a|n/a|n/a|
|   2   |3.96|n/a|n/a|n/a|
|   3   |3.04|n/a|n/a|n/a|
|   4   |5.17|n/a|n/a|n/a|
|   5   |2.98|3.59|n/a|n/a|
|   6   |2.98|3.33|n/a|n/a|
|   7   |4.67|3.56|n/a|n/a|
|   8   |3.03|3.56|n/a|n/a|
|   9   |2.58|3.00|n/a|n/a|
|   10  |3.36|3.12|n/a|n/a|
|   11  |3.26|3.22|n/a|n/a|
|   12  |3.08|3.12|3.41|n/a|
|   13  |2.68|3.01|3.30|n/a|
|   14  |3.47|3.23|3.26|n/a|
|   15  |3.73|3.27|3.32|n/a|
|   16  |2.20|3.08|3.12|n/a|
|   17  |3.15|3.10|3.13|n/a|
|   18  |2.99|3.20|3.13|n/a|
|   19  |3.05|3.06|3.07|n/a|
|   20  |5.84|3.06|3.14|n/a|
|   21  |2.87|3.06|3.16|n/a|
|   22  |2.87|2.97|3.13|n/a|
|   23  |3.69|3.20|3.16|n/a|
|   24  |3.20|3.25|3.17|n/a|
|   25  |2.44|2.98|3.15|3.26|
